c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.exe.config
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.exe
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.pdb
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.dll
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.SceneGraph.dll
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.WPF.dll
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.xml
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.SceneGraph.pdb
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.SceneGraph.xml
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.WPF.pdb
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\SharpGL.WPF.xml
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.g.resources
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.exe
c:\users\billy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\obj\Debug\SharpGL.pdb
C:\Users\billy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\billy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\billy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SharpGL\SharpGL\bin\Debug\WriteableBitmapEx.Wpf.xml
